Revise NativeAOT deployment dependencies (#50267)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/deploying/native-aot/index.md

- The compiler toolchain and developer packages for libraries that the .NET runtime depends on.
- Alpine (3.15+)

  Publish dependencies:

  ```sh

>   sudo apk add clang build-base icu-dev

Reviewer: Does publishing really need `icu-dev`? We should be loading ICU dynamically.

Author: You are right. We only need `icu-libs` on Alpine. I think the only reason we would need icu-dev is if we are using `StaticICULinking` https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/blob/088741956a4a9d15c4dcbbc81f8e7e25fc59c161/src/coreclr/nativeaot/docs/compiling.md#using-statically-linked-icu (which is an advanced scenario).

```suggestion
  sudo apk add clang build-base icu-libs
```

  ```

>   Run-time dependencies:

Reviewer: I believe zlib-dev is needed for .NET 8. (.NET 8 is still supported.)

  ```sh
  sudo apk add icu-libs
  ```

> [!NOTE]
> The `icu-libs` package is only required at runtime if globalization is enabled. If you configure `InvariantGlobalization` or similar [globalization settings](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/runtime-config/globalization), runtime `libicu` may not be needed.

# [Fedora](#tab/linux-fedora)

- The compiler toolchain and developer packages for libraries that the .NET runtime depends on.
- Fedora (39+)

  Publish dependencies:

  ```sh
  sudo dnf install clang libicu-devel
  ```

  Run-time dependencies:

  ```sh
  sudo dnf install libicu
  ```

> [!NOTE]
> The `libicu` package is only required at runtime if globalization is enabled. If you configure `InvariantGlobalization` or similar [globalization settings](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/runtime-config/globalization), runtime `libicu` may not be needed.

# [RHEL](#tab/linux-rhel)

- The compiler toolchain and developer packages for libraries that the .NET runtime depends on.
- RHEL (8+)

  Publish dependencies:

  ```sh
  sudo dnf install clang libicu-devel
  ```

  Run-time dependencies:

  ```sh
  sudo dnf install libicu
  ```

> [!NOTE]

> > The `libicu-devel` package is only required at runtime if globalization is enabled. If you configure `InvariantGlobalization` or similar [globalization settings](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/runtime-config/globalization), runtime `libicu` may not be needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> The `icu-libs` package is only required at runtime if globalization is enabled. If you configure `InvariantGlobalization` or similar [globalization settings](../../runtime-config/globalization.md), runtime `libicu` might not be needed.
```
